# Lab Answer Key:  Microsoft Security Workshop: Improving Detection
# Lab 1: Threat detection with Windows Event Forwarding

## Exercise 1: Configure Windows Event Forwarding and creating a subscription

#### Task 1: Configure the collector computer

1.   Sign in to the LON-SVR1 lab virtual machine with the following credentials:

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Administrator**
  -   Password: **Pa55w.rd**

2.   On LON-SVR1, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, right-click **Windows PowerShell**, click **More**, and click **Run as administrator**.
3.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
winrm quick
```

  > **Note:**  This is actually not necessary in this particular scenario, since WinRM is already enabled and configured by default on Windows Server 2016 domain controllers and domain member servers. 

4.   To examine the resulting settings, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
winrm get winrm/config
```

5.   To set the maximum size of the **Forwarded Events** log to **1 GB**, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
wevtutil sl forwardedevents /ms:1073741824
```

6.   To configure the **Windows Event Collector** service, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
wecutil qc -quiet
```

  > **Note:**  This command configures Windows Event Collector service to make sure subscription can be created and sustained through reboots. This includes the following steps:
  -   Enable ForwardedEvents channel if disabled.
  -   Set Windows Event Collector service to delay start.
  -   Start Windows Event Collector service if not running.


#### Task 2: Configure the source computer

1.   Connect to LON-DC1 and sign in with the following credentials: 

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Administrator**
  -   Password: **Pa55w.rd**

2.   From the console session on LON-DC1, while you are signed as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, click **Windows Administrative Tools**, and then, in the **Administrative Tools** folder, double-click **Group Policy Management**.
3.   In the **Group Policy Management** console, in the tree pane, expand the node hierarchy until you reach the **Domain Controllers** node.
4.   Right-click the **Domain Controllers** node and, in the right-click menu, click **Create a GPO in this domain, and Link it here**.
5.   In the **New GPO** dialog box, in the **Name** text box, type **Domain Controllers Event Forwarding Policy** and click **OK**.
6.   Right-click the newly created GPO and click **Edit**. This will open the **Group Policy Management Editor** console. 

  > **Note:**  If prompted, in the **Group Policy Management Console** dialog box, select the checkbox **Do not show this message again** and click **OK**.

7.   In the **Group Policy Management Editor** console, navigate to the **Computer Configuration->Policies->Administrative Templates->Windows Components->Event Forwarding** node.
8.   Double-click **Configure target Subscription Manager**.
9.   In the **Configure target Subscription Manager** window, click **Enabled** and then click **Show** next to the **SubscriptionManagers** label.
10.   In the **Show Contents** dialog box, in the **Value** column, type the following and click **OK**:

```
Server=http://lon-svr1.adatum.com:5985/wsman/SubscriptionManager/WEC,Refresh=60
```

  > **Note:**  This configures event forwarding on domain controllers to use **LON-SVR1** as the collector with the refresh interval of 60 seconds.


11.   Back in the **Configure target Subscription Manager** window, click **OK**.
12.   In the **Group Policy Management Editor** console, navigate to the **Computer Configuration->Policies->Administrative Templates->Windows Components->Event Log Service->Security** node.
13.   Double-click **Configure log access**.
14.   In the **Configure log access** window, click **Enabled**. Leave the **Configure log access** window open.
15.   Click **Start**, in the **Start** menu, right-click **Windows PowerShell**, click **More**, and click **Run as administrator**.
16.   In the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run the following:

```
wevtutil gl security
```
17.   Examine the output and note the line starting with **channelAccess: **. Copy the reminder of the line, starting with **O:BAG:SYD** to Clipboard.
18.   Switch back to the **Configure log access** window and, in the **Log Access** text box, paste the content of Clipboard.
19.   In the **Log Access** text box, append at the end of the string you just pasted the following string of characters and then click **OK**:

```
(A;;0x1;;;NS)
```

20.   To ensure that the newly created GPO is applied to LON-DC1, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run the following:

```
gpupdate /target:computer /force
```

#### Task 3: Create a subscription

1.   On LON-SVR1, while signed in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, right-click **Start** and click **Event Viewer**. 
2.   In the **Event Viewer** console, right-click the **Subscriptions** node and click **Create Subscription**.
3.   In the **Subscription Properties** dialog box, in the **Subscription name** text box, type **Domain Controllers Event Subscription**.
4.   In the **Subscription Properties** dialog box, click the **Source computer initiated** option and then click **Select Computer Groups**.
5.   In the **Computer Groups** dialog box, click **Add Domain Computers**. 
6.   In the **Select Computer or Group**, type **Domain Controllers** and click **OK**.
7.   Back in the **Computer Groups** dialog box, click **OK**.
8.   Back in the **Subscription Properties** dialog box, click **Select Events**.
9.   In the **Query Filter** dialog box, specify the following settings and click **OK**:

  -   By log: **Security**
  -   Event ID: **1102**

10.   Back in the **Subscription Properties** dialog box, click **Advanced**.
11.   In the **Advanced Subscription Settings** dialog box, click **Minimize Latency** and click **OK**.
12.   Back in the **Subscription Properties** dialog box, click **OK**.
13.   Wait about a minute and ensure that the number in the **Source Computers** column changes from 0 to 1.

> **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have configured the event source, event collector, and a subscription

## Exercise 2: Using WEF to detect threats

#### Task 1: Generate an event

1.   On LON-DC1, while signed in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, right-click **Start** and click **Event Viewer**. 
2.   In the **Event Viewer** console, expand the **Windows Logs**, right-click **Security** and click **Clear Log**.
3.   When prompted, in the **Event Viewer** dialog box, click **Clear**.
4.   Click **Security** and note that the Security Event log contains a single event 1102 indicating that the log was cleared.

#### Task 2: Verify the results

1.   On LON-DC1, while signed in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, in the **Event Viewer** console, click **Forwarded Events**. 
2.   Note that the **Forwarded Events** log includes a new entry representing the forwarded event 1102.

  > **Note:**  If you do not see any new events, click **Refresh** in the **Actions** pane.

3.   Double-click the event 1102 and examine its content. Note that it includes the name of the user who cleared the log on LON-DC1.

  > **Result**: After completing this exercise, you have used WEF for threat detection.

©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.