# Lab High Level Steps:  Microsoft Security Workshop: Improving Detection
# Lab 1: Threat detection with Windows Event Forwarding

### Scenario
As part of its defense-in-depth strategy, Adatum wants to leverage Windows Event Forwarding in order to identify events that indicate a potential exploit. To accomplish this, you will configure your lab environment to capture specific events originating from the Active Directory domain controller. 

### Lab setup
  
Estimated Time: 40 minutes

The lab consists of the following computers:
-   LON-DC1 – a Windows Server 2016 domain controller in the adatum.com single-domain forest. The domain controller will serve as the source of the forwarded events. 
-   LON-SVR1 – a Windows Server 2016 domain member server. This server will host the collector of an event subscrption. 

## Exercise 1: Configure Windows Event Forwarding and creating a subscription

The main task for this exercise are:

1.   Configure the collector computer
2.   Configure the source computer
3.   Create a subscription

#### Task 1: Configure the collector computer

1.   Sign in to the LON-SVR1 lab virtual machine with the following credentials:

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Administrator**
  -   Password: **Pa55w.rd**

2.   On LON-SVR1, start **Windows PowerShell** as administrator.
3.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
winrm quick
```

  > **Note:**  This is actually not necessary in this particular scenario, since WinRM is already enabled and configured by default on Windows Server 2016 domain controllers and domain member servers. 

4.   To examine the resulting settings, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
winrm get winrm/config
```

5.   To set the maximum size of the **Forwarded Events** log to **1 GB**, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
wevtutil sl forwardedevents /ms:1073741824
```

6.   To configure the **Windows Event Collector** service, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
wecutil qc -quiet
```

  > **Note:**  This command configures Windows Event Collector service to make sure subscription can be created and sustained through reboots. This includes the following steps:
  -   Enable ForwardedEvents channel if disabled.
  -   Set Windows Event Collector service to delay start.
  -   Start Windows Event Collector service if not running.


#### Task 2: Configure the source computer

1.   Connect to LON-DC1 and sign in with the following credentials: 

  -   Username: **ADATUM\\Administrator**
  -   Password: **Pa55w.rd**

2.   From the console session on LON-DC1, while you are signed as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, start the **Group Policy Management** console.
3.   In the **Group Policy Management** console, create a new GPO named **Domain Controllers Event Forwarding Policy** and link it to the **Domain Controllers** organizational unit.
4.   Open the new GPO in the **Group Policy Editor** console. 
5.   In the **Group Policy Management Editor** console, set the value of the **Computer Configuration->Policies->Administrative Templates->Windows Components->Event Forwarding->Configure target Subscription Manager** setting to:

```
Server=http://lon-svr1.adatum.com:5985/wsman/SubscriptionManager/WEC,Refresh=60
```

  > **Note:**  This configures event forwarding on domain controllers to use **LON-SVR1** as the collector with the refresh interval of 60 seconds.

6.   On LON-DC1, start **Windows PowerShell** as administrator.
7.   From the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run:

```
wevtutil gl security
```

8.   Examine the output and note the line starting with **channelAccess: **. Copy the reminder of the line, starting with **O:BAG:SYD** to Clipboard.
9.   In the **Group Policy Management Editor** console, navigate to the **Computer Configuration->Policies->Administrative Templates->Windows Components->Event Log Service->Security->Configure log access** setting.
10.   Paste the content of Clipboard as the value of the **Log Access** entry.
11.   Append to the value of the **Log Access** entry the following string of characters:

```
(A;;0x1;;;NS)
```

12.   To ensure that the newly created GPO is applied to LON-DC1, from the **Administrator: Windows PowerShell** console, run the following:

```
gpupdate /target:computer /force
```

#### Task 3: Create a subscription

1.   On LON-SVR1, while signed in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, start **Event Viewer**. 
2.   In the **Event Viewer** console, create a new source computer initated subsciption with the following settings:
  -   Subscription name: **Domain Controllers Event Subscription**
  -   Computer Groups: **Domain Controllers**
  -   Events Query Filter:
      -   By log: **Security**

      -   Event ID: **1102**
  -   Advanced: **Minimize Latency** 
3.   Wait about a minute and ensure that the number in the **Source Computers** column changes from 0 to 1.

> **Result**: After completing this exercise, you will have configured the event source, event collector, and a subscription

## Exercise 2: Using WEF to detect threats

The main task for this exercise are:

1.   Generate an event
2.   Verify the results

#### Task 1: Generate an event

1.   On LON-DC1, while signed in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, clear the Security Event log. 
2.   Review the Security Event log and note that it contains a single event 1102 indicating that the log was cleared.

#### Task 2: Verify the results

1.   On LON-DC1, while signed in as **ADATUM\\Administrator**, in the **Event Viewer** console, navigate to **Forwarded Events**. 
2.   Note that the **Forwarded Events** log includes a new entry representing the forwarded event 1102.

  > **Note:**  If you do not see any new events, click **Refresh** in the **Actions** pane.

3.   Double-click the event 1102 and examine its content. Note that it includes the name of the user who cleared the log on LON-DC1.

  > **Result**: After completing this exercise, you have used WEF for threat detection.

©2016 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode "Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License"), additional terms may apply.  All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant.  This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided "as-is." Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.